Background:

According to cdc.gov (https://www.cdc.gov/injury/features/global-road-safety/index.html), "Road traffic crashes are a leading cause of death in the United States for people 
aged 1–54 and the leading cause of non-natural death for healthy U.S. citizens residing or traveling abroad...
Each year, 1.35 million people are killed on roadways around the world.
Every day, almost 3,700 people are killed globally in road traffic crashes involving cars, buses, motorcycles, bicycles, trucks, or pedestrians. More than half of those 
killed are pedestrians, motorcyclists, and cyclists.
Road traffic injuries are estimated to be the eighth leading cause of death globally for all age groups and the leading cause of death for children and young people 5–29 years 
of age. More people now die in road traffic crashes than from HIV/AIDS."

With the increasing number of vehicles that hit the road every year, the number of accidents and fatalities is only expected
to increase. The reduction of accidents is hence of immense importance to people, healthcare organizations, private corporations and government bodies across the world to 
prevent the tragic loss of life, limb and property.
The Seattle Police Department maintains a record of all the car collision incidents that occur within its jurisdictional limits, which is updated weekly on its website. 
An analysis of the car collision dataset may reveal interesting observations and patterns regarding the occurrence of car collisions, such as:
 Days of week which are more prone to accidents.
 Time of the day in which accidents are more likely to occur.
 Accident prone localities and streets.
 Whether some areas have a high occurrence of accidents during nighttime.
 Whether weather conditions affect the occurrence/severity of accidents.
 Whether road conditions affect the occurrence/severity of accidents.

Audience: 
The analysis could be of particular interest to:
 Traffic departments and civic agencies who might be looking for ways to reduce the accidents and resulting 
 injuries/fatalities by identifying zones and situations which have a higher incidence of collisions and help them take appropriate measures for the same. 
 Residents, drivers and pedestrians who could be warned about the likelihood of an accident on their travel route based on the location, weather, road conditions, etc.
